Create blog post about maturity model talk at kubecon (#595)
cncf/tag-app-delivery: website/content/en/blog/2024-03-practical-paths-platform-maturity-kubecon.md

---

> title:  Practical Paths to Platform Maturity: Insights from KubeCon Paris

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title:  'Practical Paths to Platform Maturity: Insights from KubeCon Paris'
```

The colon in the string broke my local hugo build

slug:   practical-paths-to-platform-maturity

> date:   2024-03-27 12:00:00 +0000

Reviewer: FYI to other reviewers, this will not show up until noon today, so make sure to change this date if you want to review locally.

author: Marsh Gardiner
categories:
- Article

> tags:

Reviewer: I am comfortable with this tagging, though it is edging on community contribution. 

Reason to put `community` is because it is no an official announcement and not formally reviewed (we want this to move quick!)

Reason to not need `community` is because it is more of a sharing of other content (though arguably that is in itself community work) and there were a number of "votes" for this to be something shared more widely.

I don't see this as blocking, but wanted to make it visible as we are still finding our feet on what to tag with what!
